croc: add page (#3917)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/croc.md

# croc

> > Send and recieve files easily and security over any network.

Reviewer: Typo? :-)
```suggestion
> Send and receive files easily and securely over any network.
```

Author: Thanks for finding my silly mistakes!

> More information: <https://github.com/schollz/croc>.

- Send a file or folder:

`croc send {{path/to/file}}`

- Send a file or folder with a specific passphrase:

> `croc send --code {{your-own-created-passphrase}} {{path/to/file}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`croc send --code {{passphrase}} {{path/to/file}}`
```

Author: Simplified as suggested, thanks!

> - Recieve a file or folder a receiving machine:

Reviewer: Typo?
```suggestion
- Receive a file or folder on a receiving machine:
```

> - Recieve a file or folder on reciving machine:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Recieve a file or folder on a receiving machine:
```

Author: Should be fixed, thanks!

`croc {{the-passphrase-to-recieve-a-file}}`

> - Send over a custom relay and custom relay:

Reviewer 2: This doesn't sound quite right. Maybe `to a custom relay`?

Author: Changed the text to:
```
Send and connect over a custom relay:
```
As it is `p2p` and the relay only helps with the setup. That should be  sufficient? :)

`croc --relay {{ip_to_relay}} send {{path/to/file}}`

> - Recieve and connect over a custom relay:

Reviewer: Typo?
```suggestion
- Receive and connect over a custom relay:
```

> - Recieve over a custom relay and custom relay:

Reviewer 2: This too.

`croc --relay {{ip_to_relay}} {{passphrase}}`

> - Host your own croc relay with default ports:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better? Generally we try and avoid `you` etc.
```suggestion
- Host a croc relay on the default ports:
```

Author: These two parts should be fixed now as well. Thanks!

> `croc --relay {{ip-to-relay}} {{the-passphrase-to-recieve-a-file}}`

Reviewer 2: These bracket names need to be changed.

Author: Changed to shorter and if multi word snake-case.

> - Host your own croc relay with default ports ("`9009,9010,9011,9012,9013`"):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Host your own croc relay with default ports (9009, 9010, 9011, 9012, 9013):
```

Author: Hmm, I think the syntax is to have it as a string of comma separated list.
So if one wants to use the command one needs to write `"port,port2,port3,port4"` as a string, and that's the default value in the help menu.
I try to convey this better.

Author: I removed the mention of which ports are the default ones.

`croc relay`

- Host your own croc relay with custom ports:

> `croc relay --ports {{optional-relay-ports}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`croc relay --ports {{optional_relay_ports}}`
```

Author: Think it might actually just not be included in the `tldr` as it is quite 'advanced' and one can read that if needed through the `--help` command.

But I will add bout that `--help` flag!

Author: Removed the custom ports part, and added about the `--help` flag instead. As that command is better and probably more helpful than this advanced feature.
